# unity_spatial_flow_visualization

    Spatial Flow Visualization experiments with the ways in which interactive, multi-dimensional visualizations in a collaborative spatial environment may augment users’ understanding, communication, and their development of complex data flows. Methods in which creative workspaces may be augmented are developed. Node-based creative programming considered as an extension of flow visualization, and as an alternative user experience to conventional normative interfaces. The project is grounded in the context of spatial computing, where interactive digital devices are no longer contained within a single location, but instead exist in the surrounding environment. Through spatial computing, a speculative design methodology is implemented, allowing for human-computer interaction to be explored outside of the conventional, two-dimensional screen. An iterative design methodology is implemented in the prototyping process. Continuous experimentation alongside user testing is done, and the importance of diversity in testers’ areas of expertise and levels of experience are emphasized. Through the testing of interface variations, Spatial Flow Visualization seeks to discover whether this type of visualization is effective in a spatial computing environment, what users find intuitive, potential guidelines for designing in this type of immersive environment, and whether it may serve as an effective tool for both in-person and remote collaboration through telepresence. Final VR-based prototypes from this project will allow users to try out this newly-developed interface.
